[MOS-281] Base documentation update (#3645)
mudita/MuditaOS: doc/running_on_phone.md

An executable can be uploaded directly to the memory in an executable (image) form. J-Link GDB Server enables this. J-Link Server messages `"Download 15243 bytes…"` represent this way of running the executable. The binary is lost on reset and/or power loss. Booting from SDRAM doesn't involve bootloader.

### Upload to SDRAM via J-Link

You need to upload the `PurePhone.elf` file. To do so run in three parallel consoles/sessions:

> - Start J-Link server: `./StartJLinkServer.sh`

Author: it's nearly the same, if I had harmony I would add it :joy: 
It would be best to just unify it

> - Start J-Link server: `./StartJLinkServer.sh`

Reviewer: hmm, basically there are two differences:
1. Start J-Link server: `./StartJLinkServer.sh` -> Start J-Link server: `./StartJLinkServer.sh T6`
2. Load app with GDB via J-Link connected to Mudita Pure: `./run.sh <build folder> --product BellHybrid`

### Uploading it to the eMMC

####  via bootloader

> On linux:

Reviewer: Please add ntoe that any other tool can be used like etcher.

[updater feature tests](https://github.com/mudita/QAMuditaOS/tree/master/scenarios/updater). You can ask for development version of MuditaCentre with "update from file" capability enabled.

Update packede is defined here: [build targets](./build_targets.md)

## How to mount Mudita Pure as a USB MSC

**NOTE:** all phones in field have eMMC access locked with password, following documentation is only for development devices or ones with eMMC unlocked or bypassed.

There are two ways to mount the phone as a USB MSC to access full access to the memory - using a bootloader or Ozone debugger.

### Mounting using a bootloader

If you have a bootloader flashed with unlocked eMMC access use the following key combination, to mount Mudita Pure as MSC:

- hold center button (selection)
- reset the device, either:
    - briefly press reset button (the one closest to the phone on the green breakout board)
    - detach USB and battery, then attach battery then USB
- wait while text scrolls from the bottom - still holding the center button
- release centre button

> - press key 4

Reviewer: Isn't key 9 used right now?

Author: This depends - I actually didn't change the documentation here except adding information that it's for unprotected bootloader :)

### Uploading it to the eMMC

####  via bootloader

On linux you can use:
1. `pureflash`

Fastest command to burn image into the eMMC card `sudo pureflash <PurePhone.img> /dev/sdX` **Note:** Replace `/dev/sdX` with the disk name you found for your phone after connecting it to your computer.

2. `dd` or `etcher`

> You can use any raw memory copy tool such as `dd` or `etcher` which will transfer whole image built to the device memory. It will take much longer because it will copy whole 16GB memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use any raw memory copy tool such as `dd` or `etcher` which will transfer the whole image built to the device memory. It will take much longer because it will copy the whole 16GB of memory.
```

dd example:
```
sudo dd if=./PurePhone.img of=/dev/sdb bs=1M status=progress conv=fsync                                                                                                                                                                                                    13:48:22
```

On MacOS you can use script:
- `./tools/macflash.sh`

**NOTE:** Devices in the field have direct eMMC via bootloader locked.

> #### via uptader utility

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### via updater utility
```

> Every device is loaded with additional update software which is capable of updating any software package onto the device, while keeping last software backup.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every device is loaded with additional updater software which is capable of updating any software package onto the device while keeping the last software as a backup.
```

> Updater utility is the only normal way to update devices running in field and is used by MuditaCenter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Updater utility is the only normal way to update devices running in-field and is used by Mudita Center.
```

> **NOTE:** Porviding a minimum viable update package and utility for Open Source community is on our backlog. It can be created by trimming additional developemnt api from:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** Providing a minimum viable update package and utility for the Open Source community is on our backlog. It can be created by trimming additional development API from:
```

> [updater feature tests](https://github.com/mudita/QAMuditaOS/tree/master/scenarios/updater). You can ask for development version of MuditaCentre with "update from file" capability enabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[updater feature tests](https://github.com/mudita/QAMuditaOS/tree/master/scenarios/updater). You can ask for the development version of Mudita Center with "update from file" capability enabled.
```

Update packede is defined here: [build targets](./build_targets.md)

## How to mount Mudita Pure as a USB MSC

> **NOTE:** all phones in field have eMMC access locked with password, following documentation is only for development devices or ones with eMMC unlocked or bypassed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**NOTE:** all phones in field have eMMC access locked with a password, the following documentation is only for development devices or ones with eMMC unlocked or bypassed.
```

> There are two ways to mount the phone as a USB MSC to access full access to the memory - using a bootloader or Ozone debugger.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are two ways to mount the phone as a USB MSC to gain full access to the memory - using a bootloader or Ozone debugger.
```
